my job has had a lot off ups and downs adventures. You can call them a
lot of port calls. Those are the things that I remember most about
to be in the Navy, but assed faras like usefulness. I can just think
of one story on my last ship What I was doing an annual training was
on the USS Blue Ridge. That's one of the main ships, one of the command
and control ships that the Navy has and we're going through Answer.
Which is this very, very strenuous big test. Uh, that looks at
all of the departments of the ship. Make sure that we're fit for seat.
Um, I was an electrician's that was called out there because there
wasn't a chief in the unit. So, uh, electrical department had some
problems that needed to be corrected while I was there. And so there
was a big light that was shining on us. So it is our job toe, you
know, like make sure that everybody was was doing the best job that
they could. There's this one light pole that had some problems, and
we have this first class that, um, like he put on his fall safety gear.
Me, too. We went up the ladder. It was really dangerous up there.
You know, like, you just take one move left and right, you know,
or you don't put the hook on, and then your life's at risk. Um, he he
was out there for hours, maybe four hours, five hours trying to troubleshoot.
Um, thats one, um, this run transistor that wasn't working.
Um, I went down, Um, maybe since someone else else up there. He
stayed up there for hours and hours even longer. The whole day. It was
nighttime by the time he got down, Um, that one problem that he fixed,
uh, it was like it was amazing. I tried to put him in for an award
for it. Um, but that that's one job that I think, uh, really stands
out in my mind from last year that I was really proud to be a part
of and, yeah, it is great.